on this Sunday night on the voice government shutdown now just over 24 hours away tonight who is to blame and the wheel for millions
who is following u turns out on social networking your friends the government surveillance like it or not
troubled waters the toxic Lana coastline what can be done about the pollution of a paradise
how many jump from 6000 feet and wellness between a rock and a hard place
NBC News world headquarters in New York
this is NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt
things are looking good when a little under 30 hours away from a partial shutdown of the federal government appointed which Washington will be unable to pay my bills leaving a lot of people without a paycheck
mechanics of avoiding a Monday night shutdown a pretty straightforward assemble vote by Congress to keep the money flowing with do it
what is coarse is usually the politics not the mechanics interpreting to be the obstacles and a partisan b**** during the week come to know as business as usual
weather was on 4 display last night a rare Saturday night session of the House of Representatives not a good sign with full coverage starting on Capitol Hill with Kelly O'Donnell dating Kelly where we stand
well after what makes this feel different than other showdown prices in recent years old parties are sugar coating it actually predict there will be a shut down and there's none of that frantic vaccine negotiation going on
and while it is still possible to see it seems more and more on likely that they can avoid this mess
the bill is passed without objection to motion to reconsider is light on a table
high stakes what lower expectations for Capitol Hill
late today House Republicans notably Speaker John Boehner together to pull out senators for not coming to work today and we want to work and go she ate I get the job done conservative hailedabear risky demand
refusing to find the government is the president healthcare law is layed one year Democrats will wait until tomorrow to reject the house plan
this is the old football strategy
when you get to where you want to be in a football game you're on out the clock
Democratic leaders say the Tea Party delay is going nowhere
there's a time and place to debate Obama care
the house this morning
should not shut the government down
what is on earth are we doing here Republicans did pastor plan to keep the government open with conditions when your delay of the president's healthcare law repeal of a manufacturer's tax on medical devices
and if there is a shutdown the military with still get paid on time tea party forced Texas senator Ted Cruz strategy on Meet the Press
the American people overwhelmingly reject Obamacare the understand its not working the only people who are listening to the argument are the career politicians in Washington
but tonight old client corridors of power seat empty
1 day left before the government lights go out
Kelly O'Donnell NBC News the capital
Michelle Franzen New York tour boats mod with visitors headed to the Statue of Liberty on Ellis Island today become Tuesday Lady Liberty National Parks coast to coast for clothes
the first visible impact if the government shuts down to the Statue of Liberty hostage is a poly me in the nation's capital tours of the Washington Monument the Smithsonian National Zoo what also closed
along with your cemetery Mount Rushmore and the Battle of Lake Mead outlet
leisure definition of bread and butter to surrounding businesses like Boulder boats
what happened to a business shutter sound come out your sometimes 56 times a day doing White Castle um about the lake is everything we have
the last time the government shutdown was in the mid 90's for 3 weeks National Park Service employee my clitoris list for less then and worries it will happen again
we have employees that have to have family to take care of a bills to pay how we are very concerned about the about the effect on them for any sort of shutdown
the impact a national park visitors it's just the start of an economic ripple effect 800
did the shutdown drags on October 17th the steaks grow even higher
Congress doesn't raise the debt ceiling and the US Treasury can't meet us obligations that could raise interest rates mortgage rates credit card rates and plans the economy back in recession cost in everyman
with all the possible for low the National Park closing Paris il some some programs that will remain on such that the government shuts down including mail service delivery funding for security Social Security and also air traffic controllers and screeners at airport
Michelle Franzen and Kelly O'Donnell legs where we stand what to take for morning how this is likely to play out words gone by NBC Sports director and chief White House correspondent Chuck Todd Chuck
well after I could tell you what's going on here at the White House not much of anything President Obama convene the meeting of his senior staff
earlier today where they talk about Natalie what's going on with the government shutdown tall so don't forget to is day is the day of open enrollment 4
Residence Inn Detroit health care law so all of that coming together coincidentally on that front what's tomorrow's gonna look like with the Senate will do with deal sometime tomorrow afternoon
send a bill back to the house
NFL point sometime between I say dinner time tomorrow night and midnight the House of Representatives is likely to send back one more Bill Lester
maybe it's a clean bill whithers no writers or anything like that that would keep the government open for sale week or maybe it only has one demand on it that medical device tax that use all but this isn't over yet it's likely to see one more active display before the government does
will be watching this play alright thanks my Chuck Todd when is this weekend about a major component of a government secrets surveillance program 18 may not be cut
back to haunt those of us who live in brass the Republic nature of social networking we got the shores of NBC's national investigative correspondent Michael Isikoff
more classified documents leaked by ex contractor in federal fugitive Edward Snowden disclosure another program that secretly collects personal data on American citizens the documents revealed today by the New York Times
show the agency cens 2011 this been building large scale graphics of fun intelligence networks
include social connections of some American citizens
accessing their Facebook and Twitter accounts bank codes airline passenger manifest and even GPS location
government is putting together databases personalize a professional eyes um basically tell a comprehensive story of how we are living everyday
Beyonce said the statement that all queries in Stata must be conducted for a fun intelligence purpose of a rare public hearing of the Senate
committee US intelligence officials last week vigorously defended the NSA surveillance efforts and once again denounce the week spice node
there's no way to racer make up for the Damaja we know is already been done
continue to dodge questions about what they are collecting about Americans during this exchanger cell site that I can track where a person is Ben from the cell phone in your pocket
how does the NSA ever collected
or ever made any plans to collect American cell site information
what I don't want to do senator is pulled out in a non classified forum anything is classified here
will food uses of water for supported by NBC News inspector general disclose in 12 ounces is 2003 employee spying on their girlfriends boyfriends and spouses Webster
Michael Isikoff tonight in Arizona investigators release to 120 page report leaves almost as many questions answers about why 19 firefighters died in the urinal Hill Fire it was the worst firefighting tragedy since 9 11
and we'll be official report is complete some victims family members want more
NBC's Miguel Almaguer cover the story and has a report tonight
radio transmissions are believed to be some of the final communications from the Granite Mountain hotshots shortly after this video was taken
1908 firefighters lost their lives in Arizona investigators now believe based on a 3 month investigation poorly programmed radios made communication major problem
just before flame swept over the hotshot there was a 33 minutes radio black
nothing will bring them home
Juliet Ashcraft and her 4 children lost Andrew
that being my husband and 11 for large families I'm ok with 30 minutes and accounted for
the report says the Hot Shots were in a safe sound when for unknown reasons be descended into a valley when Cruise could not run fire spreading at 12
our state employee emergency shelters what temperatures exceeded 2000 grease no one knows why the main headed into the valley
when the Hot Shots were surrounded by flames a DC 10 full of fire retardant with overhang
the air tanker never received a cruise location Michelle Parker says her son Wade died with his brothers
faded everything they could
the report places no plane
19 families never got to say goodbye and now they may never have answers Miguel Almaguer NBC News Los Angeles
overseas a week after terrorist gun down and tortured essence of people inside a popular mall in Nairobi Kenya NBCNews obtain fotos a show what does cm look like after the attack
investigators say they taking a nice ass back into custody the latest on all this from NBC's Ron Allen in Nairobi
these exclusive pictures reveal the order devastation inside the Rubyz Westgate Mall four floors of upscale stores and restaurants like many malls in suburban America it was crowded with families enjoying a typical Saturday afternoon
now good staying with blood after 4 days of warfare
between 10 to 15 Milton Union forces thats whats up the food court surprisingly Samaria scene untouched the grocery
where is where sources say the most intense fighting took place today can u leaders Stonewall the government report the temperature in recent warnings about a possible attack
the Westgate Mall
also today a mystery song
who is the mother scene in the video protecting her children all of them playing dead until help arrived
end of times a day should a bullet casing on your mother gunpowder
Luling is Mel safely home with her son ties Dr Seiss Houston born a half hours on the floor keeping her young energetic children wife
listen to Wiz Khalifa not bring peace protectors provide a way out for us
hope to find out who the officer is and thank you for saving the family
acrostic Ogden down to Nigeria were gunman storm a college campus in the middle of the night killing as many as 50 students as they slept most of the day
believed to be there late teens in 20s Nigerian official suspect the attackers were Islamic militants got no conclusive evidence yet
return to Iran and increasing size of a changing relationship between a country and the United States after so many years of hostility
when President Obama called in Iran president rouhani on Friday many views did as a sign of progress what do Iranian swallow c** warming with the West NBC's alia Lucy got out of the streets of Tehran NSM
supporters of the possibility of a recess in relations with the west
what is the Traxxas 2075 talking to President Obama running shoes in pokemon is called with tomatoes and eggs
hardline newspapers Road death to America honeys return criticizing for giving too much I'm getting nothing back
honey to solve a dispute on people expect him to pick
I've been walking around the streets of town on dating the movie monster people about how they feel about better relationship with the United States everybody without question favorite better relationship they want to run to come in from the cold
change
Pizza Inn
lucky people want to go to America able to do a ship
my camera catches a single mothers
Porter self 16 year old daughter
she told me the lost years everything is becoming so expensive she worries about her daughters afros future
she wants to study your medicine specialty in America what she said St Petersburg Obama we should I peel the countries
the real test willkommen world powers
Geneva middle how to deal with the issue easy NBC News Tara
when Nightly News continues on this Sunday what's behind
major environmental crisis part of the coastline
away in a prayer the man who gets his throat twice in a row opening between
in Florida situs a time is running out for a vital water weigh now so polluted soon the damage could be irreversible thousands protest
salami Indian River Lagoon this weekend fighting to get attention for the dying estuary East Coast threat we get more tonight from NBC's mark Potter
what is the drug millions of dollars a year now found people to stay out of the water to avoid infection rashes and nausea
not only be on critical hits does asterisk rages people are outrage
Mary read a bar manager repair marina in Stuart Florida
body is very concerned about touching the water
these pictures of noxious algae by her dog
it burns your eyes your throat that has a lot of different uncomfortable a fax
the trouble with Harry is 156 miles long Indian River Lagoon system home to 4300 plant and animal species is one of America's most violent
say and sewage from agriculture
LG killing wildlife is where messin with Mother Nature
and we don't want to get to the point of no return
normally this sandbar especially on weekend is coming along the edges buy boots in sunbathers but now with all that algae and posted health warnings most people are staying away
is upset release date
in the North
usually high number of manatees dolphins and pelicans have died this year federal and state plans to protect water flows in removing nutrients are not yet fully funded
I'm angry needs to be fixed its not AAA it's not rocket science fair solutions they're all political solutions
sinus Warner Supertech the lagoon must be consuming too late to save water weigh
mark Potter NBC News Stuart Florida
add up next week Antony this Sunday night wear big time college football coach was sacked this weekend
138.wav
10 minutes on the water today in London one of those tourist duck boats caught fire on the River Thames
30 people were on board many jump in the water to avoid the flames were quickly rescued by police firefighters and passing boat all the passengers were counted for 8 a.m. Were treated for smoke inhalation and other minor injuries
back in this country of course correction report tonight in big time college football just hours after a crushing lost to Arizona State USC announce the firing of coach Lane Kiffin USC athletic directors at it was just time to make a change
Trojans of now watch 7 over last 11 games by the way to score in last night's game Arizona State 62 USC 41
and he was a scene in Olympia Greece this morning with a torch for the SOC games list using the sun's rays in America flameless passed on to a Greek spear
goodwill open in the travel across Russia is 9 time zones leaving make a stop in space as cosmonauts taken unlit torch for space walk
and in a moment when a man known for gliding for waterfalls and diving of mountains in Mich he is scared by son you know you gotta see it and you will
find me tonight it's kind of snake you know you should be watching with your eyes closed but you can't help yourself it was all about Jim Corliss in a wingsuit diving 6000 feet into the history books this weekend in China NBC's in Williams was there
is target a man to fly through the narrow credits on the right between the Soaring rocks of China's John Lennon Mountain
Manship coolest upset stomach the Flying Daggers is most challenging yes the Saturday it look like it wouldn't happen when is way too strong right now so I pretty much off limits
11000 villages with gallery to witness system beeping on live television across China was growing and sake in the cold is Cam Newton Mississippi the top of the ceiling fan
vapor pen describe the jump this could be anywhere in the weather so broke the clouds around the mouth
clearance wind speeds a dropped uterus to real concerned about the turbulent air inside back crack in police seize the moment
is chopper circle the mountain lining up for the precise angle to jump then he was flying down a hundred miles an hour and into the cracks between the raw
gospel round the valley to see a moon stone skate shoes for Hobbit safe landing on a mountaintop
coolest with extended single gnarliest my life without a doubt I have never ever experience more hardcore. AAA
cheap cabs in Williams NBC News gentian China MSNBC nightly news for this Sunday coming up
pawn America Falcons Patriots game Brian Williams will be here tomorrow
I'm Lester Holt reporting from New York for all of us here is NBC News goodnight